Add better documentation (#198)
kubeshop/kusk-gateway: docs/arch.md

# Architecture

> Under the hood, Kusk Gateway consists of an Operator (Kusk Gateway Manager) and created by it K8s resources.

Reviewer: `created by it K8s resources` not really sure what this means?

Do you mean the operator is created by K8s resources?

Author: created by the operator k8s resources

Author: suggestions for the better phrasing are welcome :)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the hood, Kusk Gateway consists of an Operator (Kusk Gateway Manager), created by K8s resources.
```

# Architecture

> Under the hood, Kusk Gateway consists of an Operator (Kusk Gateway Manager) and k8s resources, created by that operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under the hood, Kusk Gateway consists of an Operator (Kusk Gateway Manager) and k8s resources, created and managed by the operator. e.g. APIs, StaticRoutes and EnvoyFleets
```
